c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\NaGreenWebApi.dll.config
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\NaGreenWebApi.dll
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\NaGreenWebApi.pdb
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\obj\Debug\NaGreenWebApi.dll
c:\users\shivindernarr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\obj\Debug\NaGreenWebApi.pdb
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\NaGreenWebApi.dll.config
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\NaGreenWebApi.dll
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\NaGreenWebApi.pdb
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\obj\Debug\NaGreenWebApi.dll
D:\Ebooks\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\obj\Debug\NaGreenWebApi.pdb
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\NaGreenWebApi.dll.config
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\NaGreenWebApi.dll
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\NaGreenWebApi.pdb
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\obj\Debug\NaGreenWebApi.dll
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\obj\Debug\NaGreenWebApi.pdb
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\shivindernarr\Desktop\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\obj\Debug\NaGreenWebApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\NaGreenWebApi.dll.config
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\NaGreenWebApi.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\NaGreenWebApi.pdb
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\RestSharp.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\RestSharp.xml
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\obj\Debug\NaGreenWebApi.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\obj\Debug\NaGreenWebApi.pdb
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\NaGreen.WebApi.Common.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\NaGreen.WebApi.Server.Base.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\NaGreen.WebApi.Server.Implementation.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Unity.WebApi.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\NaGreen.WebApi.Common.pdb
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\NaGreen.WebApi.Server.Base.pdb
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\NaGreen.WebApi.Server.Implementation.pdb
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\obj\Debug\NaGreenWebApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\NaGreen.WebApi.Infrastructure.dll
C:\GTIntegration\Src\Nrgs\NaGreenWebApi\NaGreenWebApi\bin\NaGreen.WebApi.Infrastructure.pdb
